## Liability

The information that Valor Esports Pty Ltd ABN 94 648 832 080 (**Valor**) presents to you on this website is compiled and updated periodically. It is impossible to guarantee freedom from all errors. For this reason, Valor disclaims and excludes all liability or warranty with regard to the accuracy, completeness and up-to-dateness of the information provided on this website. There is no warranty of merchantability, no warranty of fitness for a particular use, and no other warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding the information or any aspect of this website.

This website provides links to other websites. Valor disclaims all liability and warranty with respect to any information obtained from and your interaction with any website that you reach by means of a link from this website. These websites are operated by separate companies. Valor is also not responsible for the data protection precautions of the operators of such websites. Valor urges you to check the privacy policy, terms and conditions disclaimers on such websites before using such websites. In no event will Valor or other companies mentioned at this site be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of this site, any websites linked to this site, or the content contained at any or all such sites, including but not limited to damages to computer system, data or any personal objects resulting from the downloading of material and/or data from this website or from websites reached by links from this website. Valor reserves the right to undertake alterations or additions to the information or data provided at all times without further notice. Insofar as our Internet pages contain forward-looking statements, these statements are based on opinions and estimations of Valor Management and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Valor is not obliged to update such forward-looking statements. All liability for such statements is expressly excluded.

## Copyright

All content copyright &copy; 2023 [Valor Esports](https://valoresports.com/) Pty Ltd ABN 94 648 832 080. All rights reserved.

The content including pictures, videos, and the design of the Valor website, are subject to copyright protection and other laws for the protection of intellectual property. No dissemination or alteration of the content of these pages or of the frames or similar measures are permitted. Moreover, these contents may not be copied, disseminated, modified, or made available to third parties for commercial purposes.

